{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh16140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question
\f1\b0 \
Consider a quantum system made of one qubit. The system is in the initial state |\uc0\u968 \u10217  = |0\u10217  and the quantum gate Identity is applied. Can you describe the action of this gate on the system? Can you give a graphical representation of the circuit? What is the final state of the system?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Answer 1
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa133\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The Identity gate, denoted as I, is a quantum gate that has no effect on the state of a qubit. It essentially leaves the qubit in the same state as it was before the gate was applied. In mathematical notation, we can represent the action of the Identity gate as:\
I|\uc0\u968 \u10217  = |\u968 \u10217 \
where |\uc0\u968 \u10217  is the initial state of the qubit, in this case, |0\u10217 .\
The graphical representation of the circuit for this scenario would be a single qubit circuit with the Identity gate applied to it. This circuit would be represented by the following diagram:\
|0\uc0\u10217  --I---> |0\u10217 \
The final state of the system after the application of the Identity gate would be the same as the initial state, i.e., the qubit would still be in the state |0\uc0\u10217 . Thus, the final state of the system would be:\
|\uc0\u968 \u10217  = |0\u10217 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa133\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Answer 2
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Identity gate, denoted as I, is a quantum gate that does not change the state of the qubit it acts upon. In other words, if the qubit is in state |0\uc0\u10217 , applying the Identity gate leaves it in the same state |0\u10217 . Mathematically, we can represent the Identity gate as a 2x2 unitary matrix:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 I = | 1 0 |\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 | 0 1 |\
\'a0\
The graphical representation of the circuit for this operation is as follows:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 |0\uc0\u10217  ----[I]----> |0\u10217 \
\'a0\
Here, the state |0\uc0\u10217  represents the initial state of the qubit, [I] represents the Identity gate, and the final state of the qubit is also |0\u10217 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Therefore, the final state of the system after applying the Identity gate on the initial state |\uc0\u968 \u10217  = |0\u10217  is also |\u968 \u10217  = |0\u10217 .\
\'a0\
\'a0\

\f0\b Answer 3
\f1\b0 \
The Identity gate, denoted as I, is a quantum gate that leaves the state of a qubit unchanged. It is often represented as a square matrix:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 I = |1 0|\
|0 1|\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 When the Identity gate is applied to the initial state |0\uc0\u10217 , the resulting state is still |0\u10217 . Mathematically, we can represent this as:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 I|0\uc0\u10217  = |0\u10217 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Graphically, the circuit representation of this operation is as follows:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
|0\uc0\u10217  ----[ I ]----\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \'a0\
The |0\uc0\u10217  state is represented as a horizontal line, and the Identity gate (I) is depicted as a box. The arrow indicates the direction of the qubit's flow through the circuit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The final state of the system remains |0\uc0\u10217 .}